The way I see it, gravity and time must be two winding axes permeating all of the observable universe (counting beyond the event horizon as outside of it), gridding it up into irregularly-shaped but ultimately consistent bits. If we think of them as fuzzy lines with some width, then we would interpret quantum mechanics as the strangeness which comes out of being near these axes, as human beings and other observers definitionally are. The universe is a very complicated place, and since it cannot predict its own future, what is "true" needs a bit of "fuzzy magic" in order to ensure that everything can be guaranteed to be consistent no matter what within these boundaries.

...I think that we actually already have [a unified framework] and that what appear to be inconsistencies are simply the results of the questions we are asking. We _think_ we are asking the same question in two different ways, but the universe treats them as two different questions, and so we get two answers. The laws of physics can be thought of as continuous everywhere, but if you try to unite them on opposite ends of the logarithmic scale ranging from QM to GR, you're going to have a tough time generalizing the results!

It's sort of like a rainbow. At one end, there is red, and at the other, there is violet. You can say this and try to band it up into chunks called GR and QM, but ultimately there is just the rainbow, one sliding continuous scale of color and rules which is indifferent to how we label it. We can claim it is six or seven colors when really it is boldly all the colors there are, presented from a beautiful function. There aren't two sets of rules; we're just calling the same rainbow two different colors. Perhaps the universe simply _is_ the way in which the rules change as we slide along in scale.

But of course, I'd love to be proven wrong.